feat(nuxt): forward destination preload hints on link prefetch (#35144)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/3.guide/6.going-further/1.experimental-features.md

See PR #31379 for implementation details.
::

## prefetchPreloadTags

> When a `<NuxtLink>` is prefetched and the destination route has a `_payload.json`, forward any `<link rel="preload">` hints that the destination set via [`useHead`](/docs/4.x/api/composables/use-head) (or via modules like [`@nuxt/image`](https://image.nuxt.com)'s `<NuxtImg preload>`) into the current document.

Reviewer: We may want to mention payload extraction instead of `_payload.json` (even myself was confused for a while)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a `<NuxtLink>` is prefetched and the destination route is either prerendered, cached or has [`payloadExtraction`](/docs/guide/going-further/experimental-features#payloadextraction) enabled, any `<link rel="preload">` hints that the destination set via [`useHead`](/docs/4.x/api/composables/use-head) (or via modules like [`@nuxt/image`](https://image.nuxt.com)'s `<NuxtImg preload>`) will be forwarded into the current document.
```
